[FrameworkBundle][JsonStreamer] Add default options (#62599)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/FrameworkBundle/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

8.1
---

>  * Add support for configuring `default_options` in JSON streamer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add support for configuring `default_options` of JsonStreamer
```

I guess?
